what's up guys this is Chris from
graphics on and in this quick tutorial
I'm gonna be showing you how to turn
your 2d image into a 3d one and this is
what it will sort of look like okay but
before we go into that I would suggest
that you go and check my tutorial on how
to first off we have to work with these
images in Photoshop so there will be a
link in the description or you can just
simply click on the screen right now and
I will be here waiting for you so okay
so I hope you watch that Photoshop
tutorial because we are gonna be working
we're gonna continue to work from there
so here I have my background that we
were gonna be using and I'm gonna be
well I'm gonna use the same resolution
as the background so I'm just gonna
simply create a new composition based on
that I know it's not a high definition
but I really don't care about that right
now because it's just simple tutorial
and here is my seagull that I will be
used I'll be using an is the same
seagull I use in the preview video and
this is really quick and easy tutorial
so basically like this is a really easy
effect to do and so let's just quickly
jump into it so press on the background
image press S on your keyboard select
the seagull or whatever object you have
and press s also make sure you click on
this scale on both of them at the start
and let's say will go like I don't know
like I've had this for and then first of
all I'm gonna zoom the background or a
scale to background like so just I don't
like that okay and then I'm gonna scale
the seagull but now I'm just gonna scale
a little bit more but make sure that the
object you want to sort of like zoom
past is scaled more than the background
so in this case the background is scale
140 percents and that means the single
has to be scaled more than that so I'm
gonna scale it let's say 100 and I know
70 okay and what also we're gonna do is
I'm gonna go into position I'm gonna go
back set a keyframe and I'm gonna go to
here to the last keyframe I'm gonna
simply make a little sort of motion and
move it to its side I don't like like
let's say this direction and now here
you go back and play it it sort of looks
like we're actually zooming past the
seagull right there so this is a really
really easy effect to do it doesn't
require a lot of skill so yeah this is
actually it for that tutorial like this
it was really quick to do I'm just gonna
try something different right here I'm
gonna try to let's get some position
right here okay and I'm gonna go to the
last frame right here and I'm gonna move
this let's say down also in it's at that
side
okay let's see how does this look
this looks good I would say you really
can't say that the seagull is actually
moving in front into the camera so yeah
this looks nice the reason why I scaled
the background less than the seagull is
because when you zoom in with an actual
camera
it sort of looks like for example if you
zoom on objects that is in foreground
it looks like the background is not
zooming or scaling up as much as the
object in a foreground and that's the
same effect that we're using here or a
parallax scrolling there is another way
that we can do this but that does not
always work when you pick some images
make sure that there is nothing covering
it for example if I want to zoom the
seagull and there will be like like a
box here covering it
I would first off have to separately
zoom the Box faster than a seagull
because that is more into a foreground
and then only afterwards the seagull but
also make sure that you cut the object
correctly and you scale it correctly but
sometimes you can mess up badly by
scaling and you can see that there are
some parts of the object or in this case
for example there wouldn't be a leg
and yeah just make sure you scale it
correctly okay guys so that's it for
this quick tutorial I hope you enjoyed
it hope it was helpful to you
so yeah hit that like button in comment
and if you have any questions or
suggestions and please click that big
red subscribe button up there or is it
is it down or up I think it's down yes
click that red subscribe button which is
down and I'll see you in my next
tutorial goodbye guys